Add :lang nix +nixpkgs-fmt flag to pick formatter (#3421)
hlissner/doom-emacs: modules/lang/nix/README.org

+ Syntax highlighting
+ Completion through ~company~ / ~helm~
+ Nix option lookup
+ Formatting (~nixfmt~ or ~nixpkgs-fmt~)

** Maintainers
This module has no dedicated maintainers.

** Module Flags
+ =+nixpkgs-fmt= Use ~nixpkgs-fmt~ instead of ~nixfmt~.

** Plugins
+ [[https://github.com/NixOS/nix-mode][nix-mode]]
+ [[https://github.com/jwiegley/nix-update-el][nix-update]]
+ [[https://github.com/purcell/emacs-nixpkgs-fmt][nixpkgs-fmt]]

* Prerequisites
+ ~nixfmt~ is required to use formatting by default
  + If you have Nix(OS) installed it can be installed through Nix configuration ~environment.systemPackages = with pkgs; [ nixfmt ];~ (recommended)
  + Or through nix-env ~nix-env -iA nixpkgs.nixfmt~
  + Or through nix-shell ~nix-shell -f https://github.com/serokell/nixfmt/archive/master.tar.gz -i~
+ ~nixpkgs-fmt~ can be used as alternative with =+nixpkgs-fmt=
  + Install it using your configured nixpkgs: ~nix-env -i nixpkgs-fmt~

>   + Or directly from the repository: ~nix-env -f https://github.com/nix-community/nixpkgs-fmt/archive/master.tar.gz -i~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + Or directly from the repository: ~nix-env -f '<nixpkgs>' -iA nixpkgs-fmt~
```
